feat: Ability to Configure Remote Authorizers to set Headers in AuthenticationSession (#717)
ory/oathkeeper: docs/docs/pipeline/authz.md

  to an
  [`AuthenticationSession`](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/blob/master/pipeline/authn/authenticator.go#L40)
  object. See [Session](../pipeline.md#session) for more details.

> - `allowed_remote_headers` (slice of strings, optional) - The HTTP headers that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `forward_response_headers_to_upstream` (slice of strings, optional) - The HTTP headers that 
```

      "remote": "http://my-remote-authorizer/authorize",
      "headers": {
        "X-Subject": "{{ print .Subject }}"
      },

>       "allowed_remote_headers": {
>         "X-Branch-Id"
>       }

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be an array?

```suggestion
      "allowed_remote_headers": [
        "X-Branch-Id"
      ]
```

  to an
  [`AuthenticationSession`](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/blob/master/pipeline/authn/authenticator.go#L40)
  object. See [Session](../pipeline.md#session) for more details.

> - `allowed_remote_headers` (slice of strings, optional) - The HTTP headers that

Reviewer: Should also be renamed

    "config": {
      "remote": "http://my-remote-authorizer/authorize",
      "payload": "{\"subject\": \"{{ print .Subject }}\", \"resource\": \"{{ printIndex .MatchContext.RegexpCaptureGroups 0 }}\"}"
    },
    "allowed_remote_headers": {
      "X-Branch-Id"

>     }

Reviewer: Should also be an array and renamed
